Question mark sn (#3)
benjie/graphql-spec: spec/Section 2 -- Language.md

- {type} must not be {null}

> - Return {type}

Reviewer: I think you want to delete this semantic block

> Type : Type ?
> 
> - Let {nullableType} be the result of evaluating {Type}
> - Return {nullableType}

Reviewer: This is really confusing; I think delete the `Type : Type` block above, and instead have:

```suggestion
Type : Name ?

- Let {name} be the string value of {Name}
- Let {type} be the type defined in the Schema named {name}
- {type} must not be {null}
- Return {type}

Type : ListType ?

- Let {itemType} be the result of evaluating {ListType}
- Let {type} be a List type where {itemType} is the contained type.
- Return {type}
```
